
PyBer Analysis

1. Overview

`	`Conducting an analysis to demonstrate through visualizations a cross comparison  of fares generated by cities, average fares pers driver through different city types, and total rides. 

1. Results
- For rural types, there was 125 total rides with 78 drivers. The average fare per ride came out to $34.62 and the average fare per driver came to $55.49. Total fares amounting to $4,327.93.
- For suburban types, there was 625 total rides with 490 drivers. The average fare per ride came out to $30.97 and the average fare per driver came to $39.50. Total fares amounting to $19,356.33.
- For urban types, there was 1,625 total rides with 2,406 drivers. The average fare per ride came out to $24.53 and the average fare per driver came to $16.57. Total fares amounting to $39.854.38.
- From the data analyzed, we can deduce total fares were dramatically higher in urban settings compared to suburban settings but taking a deeper look one can make the argument that although total fares were higher, total rides were significantly lower in rural settings but had higher ride fares. On the other hand, one can also pose the argument that due to a higher volume of rides in urban settings, the rides could have been shorter in comparison and would lead to less costly rides. 

1. Summary

`	 `In conclusion, inferring from PyBer’s results I can make the following recommendations addressing some items I would like to bring up.

1. Total fares were significantly higher in urban settings compared to all other settings, but our data sample was not the same (urban settings had the most rides and fares).
1. It would be interesting to see how long rides were. We can further deduce more information if we had a length of time to demonstrate profitability and marginal costs. 
1. If in fact those were the only rides that were available to us, would it make sense for drivers to drive in areas where there wasn’t as much business? 

